I 200,000
Are you crazy?
Why are you getting married?
You're here to see a good show
Ride the Wind
You're a fucking hypocrite. You're just like me
I don't care what school or school
But
I'm going to see how much you can come up with today.
400,000 100
1.5 million 200 hahaha
Someone is willing to 2 million
Buy this wasteland in our village
Earn a lot of money hahahaha
If the information is accurate
This kid's test fund should only be 3 million
I'm going to force him to spend all his money
So the school can get it at a low price
3 million
3 million the wind you spend 3 million buy a wasteland
You're not fucking for this land
You just want to crush me
Ride the Wind
I said you came all the way to talk about the teacher-student relationship
It's just to show off
Chenfeng, what do you want to do?
You are now spending all your money on this wasteland
I'll see the school in a while, how do you fight with me?
Then congratulations to Boss Cheng for taking down the mass burial in our village
no no feng shui treasure land
Chen Feng, didn't you help Mr. Sun to shoot the school?
Why did you still shoot this land?
Don't worry, Rose.
I will definitely take care of Mr. Sun's school for him
Mr. Cheng
Here comes the money